

How Lady Gagaâ€™s Path to Fame Went






















The story of 
Lady Gaga

                          
                          Author of the story: Nathan Brennan


Lady Gaga had to bounce back from traumas and deal with the pressures of success from an early age as she rose to stardom in the world of music and acting.






















 More true stories



Introduction




Lady Gaga was one of the major female artists to burst onto the scene
suddenly in the late 2000s, as well as one of the major artists of the
early 2010s. She has achieved countless records with her music career, as
well as having multiple successful transitions into a career of acting. She
has been a woman who has had to overcome her past traumas, despite living
with it every day, and someone who has always sought to sooth others who do
not have it easy in life, as well as being a charitable woman herself with
the charities and foundations she supports.




Before




Gaga had faced a challenge from the day she was born. Her parents were
well-off by American standards and had worked hard to recover from their
childhood of poverty to give their children the life they deserve. This
left a lot of pressure on Gaga to follow up on their hard work as parents
that had led to them achieving all the successes they had achieved despite
their strugglesome childhoods themselves.




Throughout school she was also mocked for her eccentric and outgoing
personality, as well as her rather 'odd' and 'out-there' sense of dress.
This had made Gaga extremely insecure and perceptive of her appearance and
personality.




Eventually, she took the bold move to pull out of the prestigious school
she was attending in order to try and pursue what she felt her true
artistic goal in life was going to be, despite not having any true inkling
towards what that may be. She would be working three jobs during this time
period of her life in order to get by, one of those being time as a gogo
dancer. She worked herself tired to have the time and opportunity to
discover whatever her true creative inspiration was.




Gaga has not been shy about her battles with mental health, most
specifically post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) which is something that
Gaga has had to try to overcome for almost all of her adult life following
a terribly shocking experience of being raped multiple times at the age of
19. She has since advocated and been open about her mental health battles
and the benefits of taking medication to ease the struggles that come with
trying to sooth and overcome a mental battle of that severity. She has had
to recover somewhat and bounce back onto the pop culture scene, as well as
discover new ways to step outside her comfort zone to adapt and succeed
across several entertainment mediums.




After




Gaga had achieved her musical dream when she released her first album which
had songs such as 'Just Dance' and 'Poker Face' on it in 2008, these two
songs along had nominated her for two Grammy Awards and had instantly shot
her to the top of the musical charts all around the globe at such a young
age.




She would also go on to successfully step outside of her comfort zone even
further when she moved into the acting world not long after with her role
in American Horror Story: Hotel earning her a Golden Globe for her
performance.




Her time during the 2010s was only just beginning, however, she went on to
perform at the Super Bowl twice, as well as achieving arguably her most
notable success of the 2010s in 2018 for her role in 'A Star Is Born'
alongside Bradley Cooper. This movie alone earned over 400million across
the globe and had earned Gaga Academy Awards, as well as a Golden Globe, a
Grammy and the holy grail of acting awards, an Oscar. This movie alone has
cemented Gaga as a major success in both the world of music and acting.




She is also a huge supporter of those worse off than her, with her devoting
her time and money to visiting those struggling with mental health problems
or from struggling backgrounds, as well as supporting dozens of charities
and foundations with her earned wealth.




What can we learn from Lady Gaga's life?




1. Be Yourself Despite Your Trauma's




Lady Gaga had to endure one of the most traumatic experiences that can
happen to someone, when she had been raped. Despite being open with the
struggles this has brought upon her, and continues to bring upon her, she
has not allowed this experience to hold her back from being who she truly
can be and achieving her maximum potential within life. Her response from
her trauma is one of inspiration to all who have gone through a similar
experience.




2. Pursue Your Goals Even if you may Struggle at First




Lady Gaga was held in high esteem at the famous art school she was
attending and despite that, she stepped outside her comfort zone to pursue
an artistic vision that she had not yet began to envisage, yet she knew it
was there. She worked extremely hard and put herself into the trenches in
order to have the time to work on her end-goal and pathway in life that she
had dreamed of.




Conclusion




Lady Gaga is a woman who has had to face the pressures of the world from a
very young age, and a woman who has done so well to succeed on a huge scale
despite the traumas she has had to endure throughout her life. Her success
in both the world of music and acting can be an inspiration to all, and her
support to those in similar positions to her in the past and even the
present is something that shouldn't be underestimated. Her story is one of
recovery and openness and is an all-round inspiration to all those who may
struggle with mental health in life.





Do not miss the chance to check out 
other inspirational and true stories
 available at SuninMe.org













