

Oprah Winfrey â€“ The Talk Show Icon






















The story of 
Oprah Winfrey

                          
                          Author of the story: Nathan Brennan


Oprah Winfrey went from being an abused child from a poverty stricken background, despite this, she went on to achieve the unthinkable.






















 More true stories



Introduction




Oprah Winfrey is most probably best known for her time running her talk
show known as 'The Oprah Winfrey Show'. This show was the highest rated
show of its kind and would go on run for over an astonishing two decades.
She as a person would go on to become one of the most successful women in
America, becoming the first black multi-billionaire in North America along
the way.




Before




Being born in the 50s as a black person, as well as being born to two
unmarried teenagers who were far from well off financially meant that Oprah
was certainly in for her fair dues of struggles from out of the gate at the
start of her life.




Her mother had abandoned her after she was born, meaning she was left to
her grandmother, however, eventually Oprah was required to move back in
with her father when she was six, switching between her mother's house and
her father's house in between. Regardless of what home she found herself
in, she would be abused both physically and sexually, both by her parents
and her mother's relatives and friends.




Later on, in her adult life, Oprah would lose both her siblings at
tragically young ages too, with her brother passing away in 1989 and her
sister in 2003. Despite all the challenges and traumas Oprah had faced so
early on in her life, she never gave up on the path to overcoming them.



After



She would go on to run the Oprah Winfrey Show which spanned over two
decades, airing over 4000 episodes, as well as receiving 46 Emmy Awards for
this single show alone. She was most known for her time on the show for
giving away luxury items such as cars, new technology or even homes on some
occasions. She once had given every member of a studio, of which there was
just under 300, a new car.




Eventually, she moved into acting and producing with 'Selma'. This movie
had won an Academy Award. As well as this, she would go on to add to her
collection of honors, winning a Golden Globe, as well as Emmy Awards as
previously mentioned. She would go on to obtain the highest civilian honor
in the United States of America in 2013 when she was awarded the
Presidential Medal of Freedom.




Her charitable contributions also go on endlessly, with her running the
Oprah Winfrey Foundation funded by her own earnings. As well as running her
own foundation, she supports in tandem over 20 charities and foundations
alongside her own. Showing that Oprah as an individual is more than caring
enough to think for those who are in need most in life, and those who are
running these charitable foundations who have dedicated so much time and
money into helping those in need and from backgrounds similar to Oprah's
herself.



What lessons can we learn from Oprah Winfrey's Life?



1. Your Past Will Not Define you.




Oprah came from a background of pure torture and trauma. Levels of trauma
that for many would leave them with immense feelings of self-hate amongst
other varying mental illnesses alongside, however, for Oprah, this was a
driving factor in her life to ensure that she did not hit those same lows
from her childhood in her adult life, spurring herself on to become the
major icon and success story she is today, supporting so many of those who
are going through what she had gone through along the way with her
charitable support. She did not let her past define her, and as Oprah
herself once said: "It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The
ability to triumph begins with you. Always". Showing her immense backing
and belief into those coming from similar or worse backgrounds to her own
that they too can achieve whatever they dream of.




2. Care for Others.




Oprah is known for being a very generous woman. As previously mentioned,
she had become well-known for randomly giving out obscene gifts in huge
quantities to people on her show, as well as her more than generous
contributions to dozens of charities and foundations. She spares no expense
when it comes to showing her time, effort, and money to those who she feels
need assistance through life. She quite simply cares for others who need it
the most.




Overall Conclusion




In conclusion, Oprah Winfrey was a woman who had to endure traumas that no
child should have to endure or go through when growing up. The neglect and
abuse she had gone through spurred her on however, rather than holding her
back in life. She rose above what had occurred to her to shatter
expectations set for black women from depraved backgrounds in the United
States of America, going on to achieve unthinkable measures that she
herself had set across a multitude of mediums. She broke the barrier for
herself, but at the same time showed to others from similar or worse
backgrounds that they too can find a way to break out of their troubles in
the near future to achieve what they dream of achieving, and to not allow
the past troubles to hold them back on the way to pursuing that dream.





Do not miss the chance to check out 
other inspirational and true stories
 available at SuninMe.org













