

Marilyn Monroe â€“ A Woman Who Re-Defined Sexuality






















The story of 
Marilyn Monroe

                          
                          Author of the story: Nathan Brennan


Marilyn Monroe was a famous actor, model and singer, and despite her tragic ending, she left behind a legacy that will live on for years on end.






















 More true stories



Introduction




In the modern-day Marilyn Monroe is known as one of the most iconic and
probably *the* single most popular sex symbol in history. As well as this,
she was a renowned actress, singer, and model, proving a jack of all
trades, as well as being one of the women who transformed the view society
had on sexuality. Despite all this, Marilyn's ending was a tragic tale, but
not one that did not have its ups for her in leaving behind a well-regarded
legacy.




Before




Marilyn struggled with her family life very early on, never getting to know
who her biological father was, as well as being passed around orphanages
and foster homes due to her mother's inability to fund or look after a
child at the time. Her family had had a history of mental illness, which
would eventually begin to show in Marilyn early on in her life, showing
significant signs of paranoia and delusional thoughts. As an example,
Marilyn believed that her neighbors had murdered her beloved dog and sliced
him in half when they had accidentally hit him in the street one day.




She witnessed her first significant trauma in relation to death in 1950
when her then-boyfriend had passed away. This whole ordeal is what really
sent Marilyn on a downward slope very quickly. Lytess, a woman who worked
for Marilyn and shared a home with her, would return one night not too long
after Marilyn's boyfriend had passed to find her sprawled out on the bed,
white as a ghost with her mouth filled with sleeping pills. Marilyn
enforced that this was not a suicide attempt, however the warning signs
were beginning to show with what Marilyn was struggling with mentally.




Come the 60s Marilyn's depression had gotten so bad that she would on many
occasions not even be able to bring herself to sit up, having to do her
makeup lying down even. It was clear that Marilyn had got to the point of
no return mentally at this stage.




Not too long after, in 1962, Marilyn had been tragically found dead in her
apartment, and with a history of drug use and a heavy reliance on pills and
medication, it was labeled as a suspected suicide at just the
heartbreakingly young age of just 36. It had seemed that the writing was on
the wall for this tragic end to Marilyn Monroe's short life when her demons
had eventually gotten the better of her.




After




However, despite her life's tragic ending, there was plenty for Marilyn to
be proud during her short time on this Earth. She had overcome her
troublesome childhood to beat the odds in a rapid rise to stardom, being
labeled the fastest rising star of 1952. Just a year later she was given
the title of Sweetheart of the month for the famous Playboy magazine.




She also was renowned for her acting ability, obtaining nominations for
BAFTA awards on two occasions in 1956 and 1958, as well as a Golden Globe
nomination for her role in Bus Stop. She would star on the Hollywood walk
of fame in 1962, the year of her passing and would go on to be ranked as
the 6
th
 most influential female superstar of all-time just
before the turn of the millennium, cementing her place in history.




However, she was most known for her boundary breaking in terms of sexuality
and how society at the time and even now views and accepts sexuality,
proving to become an icon in that area of the world of entertainment. She
was a revolutionary for sexual acceptance.




Lessons




1. Overcome Your Early Drawbacks




Marilyn Monroe's life had gotten off to an awful start, with a background
and childhood that for most people would define the rest of their life and
career. Despite this, Marilyn rose from the ashes of her childhood and
achieved levels of fame that few people have ever since matched. She still
remains a legendary figure in pop culture today almost 60 years on from her
passing.




2. Sexuality is Subjective and You Should Embrace it




Marilyn Monroe was brought up in a very patriarchal world, where men
dominated. She was also brought up in a very conservative world for women,
with sexuality being viewed as something that was to be frowned upon.
Despite this, Marilyn broke the barriers and would go on to redefine what
the views on sexuality were to be seen as, with her role in embracing her
sexuality no doubt having an impact on the world we live in today where
sexuality or lack thereof being something that is embraced by many all over
the world, with it being celebrated rather than being shunned in
disapproval.




Conclusion




In conclusion, Marilyn Monroe was a woman who defied all expectations that
her early life would have seemed to have determined for her, going on to
become a cultural icon of her time, but remaining one in the modern day,
arguably having more of a legendary status than she did during her life
time. She broke all sorts of boundaries for embracing one's sexuality and
accepting sexuality as something to be celebrated rather than shunned.
Despite her tragic end to her extremely short life, Marilyn Monroe did
enough in her short lifetime to span the decades on the horizon of the
Earth's history, cementing her place as one of the legendary greats of
modern times, with her legacy stills sending shockwaves and lasting impacts
to this very day.





Do not miss the chance to check out 
other inspirational and true stories
 available at SuninMe.org













