

Steven Hawking â€“ Disability Does not Define the Mind






















The story of 
Steven Hawking

                          
                          Author of the story: Nathan Brennan


Steven Hawking was a man with a difficult hand dealt to him, yet he made the most of it. Discover the obstacles he had to overcome to achieve his success.






















 More true stories



Introduction




Steven Hawking began his career in Oxford University at 17, and went on to
become a genius and the creator of the theory of cosmology and the
discoverer of "Hawking' Radiation", but how did he get to the point where
he was the leading figure of science and brains for his generation and what
obstacles did he face along the way? In this short piece, we will go over
the challenges Steven faced throughout his life to get to the level of
success he reached.




Before




Steven's first challenge in life was one of his family's concern as his
father's farm went bankrupt early on in Steven's life. His family was
unable to afford without scholarships to receive the education they felt
his mind deserved. However, Steven saw the positives in this and saw
staying in his current school with his closest friends playing board games
and such as a greater benefit to him anyways on his path to attending
Oxford University at 17.




Steven Hawking had a lonely life early-on in Oxford, but as his time went on, he
began to settle in and slack on his studies. Upon his graduation, Steven
and his family were shocked to discover that he had been diagnosed with
Motor Neuron's Disease at the age of 21 and was given two to five years to
live on average. This sent Steven into a deep depression that he felt he
would never escape from, with all his work and studies feeling pointless
due to his inevitable death feeling just around the corner at every turn.




As his disease worsened, and he needed more care, Steven had his first
major health scare in 1985. He had contracted pneumonia, which led the
doctors to have little other choices than to put him in a drug-induced
coma. It was his wife who was left with the decision whether or not to end
or continue the life support. However, instead she made the decision to
send Steven to Cambridge to have a tracheotomy surgery. This was the
surgery that completely cut off Steven's ability to speak whatsoever.




Steven would continue to live with Motor Neuron's Disease for over 50 years
despite the short life span that many with this disease are given and would
go on to further his career exponentially.




After




Despite being diagnosed with this deadly and terrifying disease and being
given two years to live, Steven Hawking went on to have his written thesis
approved by his University and alongside this obtained his PhD in Applied
Mathematics and Theoretical Physics in 1966. He had also written an essay
titled 'Singularities and the Geometry of Space-Time' which went on to win
one of the most prestigious awards, the Adams Prize.




Hawking's successes were only beginning there; however, as in 1974, he made
the then controversial discovery that black holes emit radiation. This
would eventually be accepted as a scientific breakthrough rather than
controversial and the radiation that was discovered would be named after
Hawking as 'Hawking Radiation'.




Steven Hawking made a full recovery from his tracheotomy too, and not too long
after sold over 10million copies of his book 'A Brief History of Time'.
This was a record-breaking best-seller as it appeared on the Sunday Times
Best-Sellers list for a whopping 237 weeks in total. He defied the odds so
much and stated that 'this has not prevented me from leading a full and
active life', in reference to the impact he was allowing or not allowing
his disease to have on his progress as a person. He also would go on to
co-author children's books alongside his daughter.




Hawking would be a figurehead for the warnings of public figures on the
catastrophe that awaits humanity with climate change unless drastic changes
are made to our reliance and over-indulgence industry-wise. Despite many of
these recommended changes being ignored still to this day, Hawking can
never say he did not warn us when it comes to the ever-lasting impacts
climate change will have on our planet.




Lastly, Hawking was a figurehead for the possibilities at hand for those
with disabilities. For many, there is an ignorance that people with severe
disabilities have a lower ceiling than those without disabilities, and
Steven proved that theory completely wrong by achieving what seemed like
the impossible with his illness. Hawking has inspired both non-disabled and
disabled people alike to realize that the ceiling for people with
life-altering disabilities is as high as they want it to be.




Lessons Learned




1. Do Not Panic in the Face of Doom




In many cases, people let the fear of death or bad situations define and
ruin large proportions of their life and hinder the opportunities they
could be experiencing in life, but Steven Hawking shows that no matter what
news we get or what scenario we find ourselves in, our potential is still
there to reach and that we should remain calm and collected despite the
fear so that we may still achieve our goals.




2. Not to Let our Obstacles Define




Many people, especially disabled people have a fear of their disability and
often fear the judgment from others that their disability will define who
they are. Steven could have easily fallen into the same mindset, however,
he chose to rise up from the hand he had been dealt and let him define a
generation rather than letting his illness define what him and his life
would be. This is an ideology that we could all look up to.




3. Positive Thinking is the Key




To overcome his obstacles, positive thinking was the key for Hawking. He
always tried to be on top of the negative aura that would follow anybody
around in a situation like his, ready to appreciate and focus on what he
does have in life and the opportunities he has had, rather than focusing on
the opportunities he has lost due to his illness. He never let his
supposedly terminal illness at the time define what his life and career was
going to mean, and thus went on to have wildly unimaginable success as a
result.




Conclusion




In conclusion, Steven Hawking was a man who was dealt a terrifying hand,
and yet somehow defied the odds and made the most of his situation to the
extreme. He broke barriers for disability and climate change and was a
best-selling author as well as a renowned scientist who had made
groundbreaking discoveries. This attitude and mindset were something we
could all learn from Steven Hawking.





Do not miss the chance to check out 
other inspirational and true stories
 available at SuninMe.org













