

Bill Gates â€“ From Introvert to Billionaire Philanthropist






















The story of 
Bill Gates

                          
                          Author of the story: Nathan Brennan


Bill Gates went from a shy student to the richest man on earth, in this piece we will discuss this.






















 More true stories



Intro




Bill Gates is a business and success magnet at this point in his life. His
philanthropist attitude is something that has brought him to the point of
being one of the most successful men on the planet, mainly through his work
at Microsoft. There were many steps and risks that Bill had to take to get
to the point he is at today, and in this short piece we will go over these
risks and how he overcame his fears.




Before




Bill was going into his adult life as an introverted who was largely
anti-social throughout his later years in high school. Bill had struggled
to leave his comfort zone throughout his whole life and planned on pursuing
a safe-bet career as a teacher, due to his stellar reputation as a student.
However, this was all to change when his friend, Paul Allen convinced him
to abandon his path of becoming a teacher to assist him in pursuing a
business venture in computer programming. This would be the first time Bill
would attempt to leave his safe-space and move outside the box he had put
himself in figuratively.




Bill had felt immense levels of fear when he was following through with
dropping out of college to pursue him and his friend's idea with Microsoft,
and on many occasions he struggled to stay in the business and leadership
mindset due to his antisocial and shy nature at heart. He struggled
immensely initially when it came to hiring employees, with fears of his
failure constantly on the horizon, and as a result of potential failure
would have come the loss of income for many families, as many of his
employees were a lot older than him. Bill struggled heavily with anxiety
around every corner in his early life and business ventures.




After




Eventually, a lot of added pressure would be placed on Gates, as his
long-time friend and fellow founder of the company, Paul Allen would decide
to depart from the company. This is where Bill's traits and mindset began
to truly flourish, however. He and his project of Microsoft would go on to
establish itself as the most successful computer software company of
all-time from this point forward.




He would then go on to achieve personal landmarks, becoming the youngest
self-made billionaire at the incredibly young age of just 31, and before
his 40s he had managed to become the world's richest man. However, despite
all the wealth, Bill did not hoard it. He had become known for his notable
charity work, donating stocks in estimations of a valued $5billion
initially when he started the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation with his
wife. As of now, the foundation is one of the most successful foundations
in the modern-day, with an estimated $50billion in raised assets to its
name. Bill was quoted in 2011, stating that the majority of his wealth upon
his death will go into the foundation too, going towards trying to
eradicate poverty, lack of food and disease all over the world.




One of the highlights of Bill's life achievements would come in 2016 when
he was awarded the highest possible civil honor, when he was awarded the
Presidential Medal of Freedom by Barack Obama for his work as a businessman
and his work in the development and cutting-edge progression of the
software industry. Along with this presidential recognition by his country,
Bill Gates had also been named in Time Magazines 100 most influential
people of the 20
th
 century, a prestigious list exclusive to
people who have changed the course of the last 100 years for how humanity
lives their life.




Key Lessons




1. Do Not Hide in Your Shell, Step Outside Your Comfort Zone




Bill Gates was originally like many of us, and retreat to his safe zone
whenever he had encountered something daunting or risky in his life. Taking
the more traditional and safer bet for his career was always the path that
was on his mind. However, the opportunity and belief that Microsoft had
presented him with was too good of a chance to turn down despite the fear
and anxiety he encountered that came with stepping outside his comfort
zone. His success for doing so speaks for itself and should be taken as a
lesson to not retreat to safe spaces whenever our heart longs for more.




2. Confront Leadership Head-On




Bill Gates had to learn swiftly to leave his introverted self in the past
when starting up Microsoft. This was highlighted especially when the man
Bill had started Microsoft alongside, Paul Allen had decided to leave the
company, leaving a lot of the pressures and eyes on Bill. However, Bill by
this point had decided to confront this new leadership mentality head-on
and allowed him to develop new traits that would be vital for his business
and life decisions down the road.




3. Follow Your Heart and Intuition




Bill could have easily stayed and followed his set path of becoming a
professor through college, but when the chance for his heart to call for
something greater came calling, he knew he could not let that feeling pass
him by, so he dropped everything and snatched the opportunity to follow
what his heart and intuition had been calling for him to do. This was a
moment of self-realization, and is something that we as people should
always be searching for and recognize when it slaps us in the face in our
lives.




Conclusion




Bill Gates was once a man of introverted nature who was dead set on
following his safe path of becoming a teacher, however that all changed
when the opportunity to do something more with his life arose, despite the
fears and anxiety that it made him feel when dropping all his plans to
pursue this opportunity. This was a decision that made him the success he
is today, and was a story that all of us can use as inspiration to follow
our risky opportunities in life when they present themselves to us, as we
never know where they will take us.





Do not miss the chance to check out 
other inspirational and true stories
 available at SuninMe.org













